OSDOCS-5662: add prereq for VG capacity (#58263)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-rpm-preparing.adoc

[id="microshift-install-rpm-preparing_{context}"]
= Preparing to install {product-title} from an RPM package

Configure your {op-system} machine to have a logical volume manager (LVM) volume group (VG) with sufficient capacity for the persistent volumes (PVs) of your workload.

.Prerequisites

* The system requirements for installing {product-title} have been met.
* You have root user access to your machine.
* You have configured your LVM VG with the capacity needed for the PVs of your workload.

.Procedure

> . In the graphical installer under *Storage Configuration*, select *Custom* -> *Done* to open the dialog for configuring partitions and volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the graphical installer under *Installation Destination* in the *Storage Configuration* subsection, select *Custom* -> *Done* to open the dialog for configuring partitions and volumes. This will take you to a window titled *Manual Partitioning*.
```

> . In the graphical installer under *Installation Destination* in the *Storage Configuration* subsection, select *Custom* -> *Done* to open the dialog for configuring partitions and volumes. This will take you to a window titled *Manual Partitioning*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the graphical installer under *Installation Destination* in the *Storage Configuration* subsection, select *Custom* -> *Done* to open the dialog for configuring partitions and volumes. The Manual Partitioning window is displayed.
```

Reviewer 2: See IBM Style UI elements section.

[id="microshift-install-rpm-preparing_{context}"]
= Preparing to install {product-title} from an RPM package

Configure your {op-system} machine to have a logical volume manager (LVM) volume group (VG) with sufficient capacity for the persistent volumes (PVs) of your workload.

.Prerequisites

* The system requirements for installing {product-title} have been met.
* You have root user access to your machine.

> * You have configured your LVM VG with the name and capacity needed for the PVs of your workload.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You have configured your LVM VG with the capacity needed for the PVs of your workload.
```

.Procedure

> . (Optional) Rename the VG by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: This step is not needed.
